Codepen Link -  https://codepen.io/Claunt/pen/jOEbLaW

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        -Basically the usage of html to understand how html works. So the broad understanding of html. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        - HTML is a markup language used to build the basic structure of a webpage, all the content is put here for display. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        -Attributes are the tags we use to designate and organize the html layout. (Divs, section, p, a href, ect)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        -The H1 tag should be used not for sizing but for importance of the data present within. Its important later on for SEO, should only be used 1 time in my opinion.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Probably the 'a' tags and the 'form' tags are a couple. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <!Doctype html>
            <html>
                <head>
                    <title>Title goes here</title>
                </head>
            </html>

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a CSS attribute similar to the class, difference is the ID should be used for stuff that you want solo styled.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Theoretically anything you want, should be used for items you want to style alone.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once, all styling is done from the same one. 

    10. What is a class? 
        Class is basically a simpler version of ID, used almost the same way except more used overall. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Anything you want can have a class, usually use classes to set up the boxes and guts of the boxes for styling.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Classes can be reused over and over again. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        I believe its done with a target=blank in between the link and the text shown for the link. 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Its used to display alternate text if the original cannot be shown for whatever reason. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #whatever the id was named 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Both are containers, div is a more generic container. Honestly rarely use section but its meant for more specific targeting. 
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style the HTML.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
     (Inside CSS file)--> h2{
                             style:in here;
                             }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        ID for a single selection, class for a single or multiple selection. Use ID for the title of the page, use class for everything else. 
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname{
            style:here;
        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{
            style:here;
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent child is how its nested basically, like a family tree. Great grannie at the head and so forth, a div that has a div within a div would be a small family of groupings. Weird question to try and explain.   
        (Selector is a literal child, useful when styling with precision)

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a{
            style:here;
        }
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Basically the same thing as a parent child relation, used for specific selections. 
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Text-transform properties I believe.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Use the HTML selector, or be naughty and use the !important.
   
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        //Comment here 
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        Git rm, careful not to delete something important. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Helps keep team oriented work organized better. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Personal preference, I usually do it as larger sized project chunks are finished. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        cd location of git folder
        fork and clone project 
        git clone urlForProject
        cd nameOfProject 
        add Tl collab
        git checkout -b mason-parker
        git add .
        git commit -m 'message'
        git push origin mason-parker
        create pull request, make sure first drop down is personal branch not lambdas
        if TL has accepted collab add as reviewer 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block starts a new line wheras inline stays current.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        Not easy to move around anymore. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        Weird wording for this one, I guess make it block. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Inline block would be a button, block would be p,h1,ul. And inline defaults input and select. 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        Box model is the basic understanding that a webpage is made of boxes. Understanding how boxes are shaped and how to manipulate them is helpful. Not sure what you mean by fix for the box model, flexbox?